# The Great Space Clicker

What is the great space clicker? 

Well it's just like any other clicker game, you click the main item, get some score and then invest that score in generators so that you can get even more score and reach the top of the leaderboards.

## Cool features

### Big Ints

In case the game becomes very big I have future proofed by ensuring that the numbers in the game ustilise the big int class so that I can have numbers that are larger than the 64bit signed limit, TO INFINITY!

### File saving (with pretty)

All your data is saved on your device so you can continue where you left off at any point and resume having an undefined amount of fun (because its too big)!

And in case you feel like cheating the game, none of the data is encrypted and I have even made it pretty for you so you can easily read and modify your save data, it is your own game after all! (none of that lisence shit)

There isn't much in the game just yet but right now there is super funny meme and some AI-approved content (I asked chatGPT if the UI looked nice (I did not use AI to generate the UI) )

### Music selection

Bored of the music that plays the background but still want to give something a listen too?

Well You can! With the music selector in the settings you can pick from a wide array of differnt songs, such as; Platnium Disco, We Are!, Bloody Stream and so much more! There are codes you can input into the settings menu which allow you unlock extra secret music (find them below)

And yea your music choice saves too!

### Leaderboards

Want to show off your score to your friends or just dominate everyone that plays the game? (Another rhetotical question I know) YOU CAN! Earn as much score as possible and upload your score to the database and then see as your score appears on the left side of the leaderboard menu!

pls no hack

### Much Much More...

There are loads more features that I cannot be bothered writing about so try out the game and find all the amazing features for youtself!

## Features to be added

- [x] UI
  - [x] Main menu
  - [x] Settings
- [x] Main clicker item
- [x] Generators
  - [x] First page
  - [x] Second page
  - [x] Third page
- [x] Bonuses
- [x] Prestiges
- [ ] Upgrades (cba)
- [x] Shops
  - [x] First page layout
  - [x] Second page layout
  - [x] Third page layout
- [x] Custom music
- [x] Leaderboards
- [x] Cheeseburger (as promised)

## Codes

spedicey - Unlocks secret music   
dayumm - Unlocks secret music   
brofist - Unlocks secret music   

## Credits

Coder - Bailey   
UI Design - Bailey   
Shaders - GPT   
Idea - The dude who made cookier clicker + Space (me)   
Cheeseburger - the interwebs   

## AI content disclosure

The majority of this game is written by the hands of me, however I have 0 experience in GLSL (shaders) so any shaders you find in the game have been generated by AI, you can check the "Shaders" folder for the AI-generated shaders. Right now there is only 2 shaders (and probably will stay 2).

These 2 files total far less than the 30% threshold for siege but I thought it would be best to disclose my usage anyways. Thanks

## Asset Credits

[Settings icons created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/settings)

[Podium icons created by Saepul Nahwan - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/podium)
